v1.0.0-rc.7 release (#6542)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.0.0-rc.7](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc.7) - 2023-04-18

This release features a security fix for unbounded memory use in zebra-network, introduces the "progress-bar" feature, and continues to address audit findings.

### Security

> - fix(net): Limit the number of leftover nonces in the self-connection nonce set ([#6534](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6534))

Reviewer: Can you please remove the initial label from each change?
We put changes into categories, so extra labels aren't needed.

```suggestion
- Limit the number of leftover nonces in the self-connection nonce set ([#6534](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6534))
```

Reviewer: This isn't resolved yet - all the initial labels need to be removed.

Author: Whoops - fixed in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6542/commits/5170c4e8cf77e9a4d912667d8b8425794623cc29.

> - security(state): Limit the number of non-finalized chains tracked by Zebra ([#6447](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6447))

Author: ```suggestion
- fix(net): Allow each initial peer to send one inbound request before disconnecting any peers ([#6520](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6520))
- security(state): Limit the number of non-finalized chains tracked by Zebra ([#6447](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6447))
```

- change(deps): Update dependencies that only appear in the lock file ([#6217](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6217))

### Added

- change(rpc): Add confirmations to getrawtransaction method response ([#6287](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6287))
- feat(log): Add a config for writing logs to a file ([#6449](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6449))

> - feat(ui): Add a terminal-based progress bar to Zebra ([#6235](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6235))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an experimental terminal-based progress bar feature to Zebra, which is off by default ([#6235](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6235))
```

> - feat(release): create Docker hub binary with mining enabled on release ([#6228](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6228))

Reviewer: This is the standard terminology:

```suggestion
- Create DockerHub image with mining enabled after each Zebra release ([#6228](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6228))
```

### Changed

- Increase ZIP-401 mempool cost thresholds for Orchard transactions ([#6521](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6521))
- Suggest making sure the RPC endpoint is enabled for checkpointing ([#6375](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6375))
- change(chain): Refactor the handling of height differences ([#6330](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6330))
- change(deps): Upgrade shared dependencies to match `zcashd` 5.5.0 ([#6536](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6536))
- change(state): Lookup unspent UTXOs in non-finalized state before checking disk ([#6513](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6513))
- change(state): Stop re-downloading blocks that are in non-finalized side chains ([#6335](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6335))

> - build(deps): bump zcash\_address from 0.2.0 to 0.2.1 ([#6530](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6530))

Reviewer: This can probably be left out, or added to "Upgrade shared dependencies to match `zcashd` 5.5.0":
```suggestion
```

### Fixed

- fix(chain): Validate header versions when serializing blocks ([#6475](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6475))
- fix(mempool): Stop ignoring new transactions after the mempool is newly activated ([#6448](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6448))

> - fix(net): Allow each initial peer to send one inbound request before disconnecting any peers ([#6520](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6520))

Reviewer: I think I tagged this wrong, this should be in security

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6542/commits/5e03da6b2cb400314fdb881c42abd7b58b1c8967.

> - fix(net): Allow each initial peer to send one inbound request before disconnecting any peers ([#6520](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6520))

Author: ```suggestion
```

- fix(net): Fix off-by-one error in DNS seed peer retries, and clarify logs ([#6460](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6460))
- fix(rpc): Check that mempool transactions are valid for the state's chain info in getblocktemplate ([#6416](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6416))

> - fix(rpc): Omit transactions with transparent coinbase spends that are immature at the next block height from block templates ([#6510](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6510))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove transactions with immature transparent coinbase spends from the mempool and block templates ([#6510](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/6510))
```
